When working a scale, we need to consider resources,
and that can mean a lot of different things,
including memory, processing power, disk space,
network packets, threads, etc.
We want our applications to work efficiently,
so with JMS, we need to consider a few things.
First off, caching of resources, and by that I mean connection,
sessions, consumers, and producers.
If every time we want to send a message or consume a message,
we create a new connection session, consumer,
or producer, then that takes time, and also requires more network hits.
It's far better to reuse a single connection and maintain a number of sessions.
You can always reuse a session.
A producer can be used to send many messages.
In a similar way, a consumer can consume many messages.
If applicable though, you do need to consider transactional boundaries.
At the most basic level,
caching a connection or session is simply a case of using a member
variable and assigning it when only really required,
a similar approach for session, etc.
If you look at this example piece of code,
you'll notice that I'm using member variables to store and use the connection.
I advise that you do the same or something similar.
You may also want to consider using libraries such as the Apache
Commons Pool library for pooling resources.
If you do so,
make sure you correctly free up resources when returning the resources to the pool.